The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. - Francis of Assisi
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart. - Helen Keller
What we think, we become. - Buddha
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. - Jimmy Dean
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you. - Walt Whitman
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud. - Maya Angelou
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. - Jim Rohn
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. - Vince Lombardi
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. - Aristotle Onassis
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. - Milton Berle
Change your thoughts and you change your world. - Norman Vincent Peale
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. - Steve Jobs
We know what we are, but know not what we may be. - William Shakespeare
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself. - Joseph Campbell
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'! - Audrey Hepburn
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style. - Maya Angelou
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. - Buddha
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success. - Swami Sivananda
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. - John F. Kennedy
Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky. - Rabindranath Tagore
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. - Aesop
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow. - A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
If you believe in yourself and have dedication and pride - and never quit, you'll be a winner. The price of victory is high but so are the rewards. - Paul Bryant
Act like you expect to get into the end zone. - Christopher Morley
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us. - Joseph Campbell
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone. - Ronald Reagan
Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it. - Kevyn Aucoin
I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.' - Muhammad Ali
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. - Robert Louis Stevenson
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it. - Edith Wharton
Vitality shows in not only the ability to persist but the ability to start over. - F. Scott Fitzgerald
I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot. I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles. - Audrey Hepburn
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now. - Napoleon Hill
Let your life lightly dance on the edges of Time like dew on the tip of a leaf. - Rabindranath Tagore
You must do the things you think you cannot do. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Two roads diverged in a wood and I - I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. - Robert Frost
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared. - Buddha
Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself. - Desiderius Erasmus
Every story I create, creates me. I write to create myself. - Octavia E. Butler
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls. - Joseph Campbell
With self-discipline most anything is possible. - Theodore Roosevelt
There is nothing impossible to him who will try. - Alexander the Great
Let us remember: One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher can change the world. - Malala Yousafzai
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world. - Robin Williams
The bird is powered by its own life and by its motivation. - A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Keep all special thoughts and memories for lifetimes to come. Share these keepsakes with others to inspire hope and build from the past, which can bridge to the future. - Mattie Stepanek
When the sun is shining I can do anything; no mountain is too high, no trouble too difficult to overcome. - Wilma Rudolph
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have. - Vince Lombardi
If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants. - Isaac Newton
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars. - Og Mandino
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Memories of our lives, of our works and our deeds will continue in others. - Rosa Parks
And when I breathed, my breath was lightning. - Black Elk
I believe in living today. Not in yesterday, nor in tomorrow. - Loretta Young
If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them. - Bruce Lee
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. - Anne Frank
Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree. - Martin Luther
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped. - Tony Robbins
What great thing would you attempt if you knew you could not fail? - Robert H. Schuller
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you. - Nathaniel Hawthorne
When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. - Harriet Beecher Stowe
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul. - Democritus
Whoever is happy will make others happy too. - Anne Frank
The limits of the possible can only be defined by going beyond them into the impossible. - Arthur C. Clarke
Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around. - Henry David Thoreau
Tomorrow is the most important thing in life. Comes into us at midnight very clean. It's perfect when it arrives and it puts itself in our hands. It hopes we've learned something from yesterday. - John Wayne
I believe that one defines oneself by reinvention. To not be like your parents. To not be like your friends. To be yourself. To cut yourself out of stone. - Henry Rollins
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country. - Anais Nin
The power of imagination makes us infinite. - John Muir
The books that help you most are those which make you think that most. The hardest way of learning is that of easy reading; but a great book that comes from a great thinker is a ship of thought, deep freighted with truth and beauty. - Pablo Neruda
The things that we love tell us what we are. - Thomas Aquinas
Thought is the wind, knowledge the sail, and mankind the vessel. - Augustus Hare
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit. - Bernard Williams
Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. - Warren Buffett
Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve. - Mary Kay Ash
The best way out is always through. - Robert Frost
As knowledge increases, wonder deepens. - Charles Morgan
Do your little bit of good where you are; its those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world. - Desmond Tutu
It is always the simple that produces the marvelous. - Amelia Barr
Enthusiasm moves the world. - Arthur Balfour
Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow's reality. - Malala Yousafzai
Without craftsmanship, inspiration is a mere reed shaken in the wind. - Johannes Brahms
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you. - Unknown
Try to be like the turtle - at ease in your own shell. - Bill Copeland
Today is the only day. Yesterday is gone. - John Wooden
Countless as the sands of the sea are human passions. - Nikolai Gogol
The only journey is the one within. - Rainer Maria Rilke
Noble deeds that are concealed are most esteemed. - Blaise Pascal
From a small seed a mighty trunk may grow. - Aeschylus
You change your life by changing your heart. - Max Lucado
God always gives His best to those who leave the choice with him. - Jim Elliot
Each day provides its own gifts. - Marcus Aurelius
It is never too late to be what you might have been. - George Eliot
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves. - Thomas A. Edison
People tell you the world looks a certain way. Parents tell you how to think. Schools tell you how to think. TV. Religion. And then at a certain point, if you're lucky, you realize you can make up your own mind. Nobody sets the rules but you. You can design your own life. - Carrie-Anne Moss
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. - Mother Teresa
The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper. - Bertrand Russell
Once I knew only darkness and stillness... my life was without past or future... but a little word from the fingers of another fell into my hand that clutched at emptiness, and my heart leaped to the rapture of living. - Helen Keller
It seems to me we can never give up longing and wishing while we are thoroughly alive. There are certain things we feel to be beautiful and good, and we must hunger after them. - George Eliot
I said to the almond tree, 'Friend, speak to me of God,' and the almond tree blossomed. - Nikos Kazantzakis
We relish news of our heroes, forgetting that we are extraordinary to somebody too. - Helen Hayes
Look within. Within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubble up, if thou wilt ever dig. - Marcus Aurelius
Joy descends gently upon us like the evening dew, and does not patter down like a hailstorm. - Jean Paul
The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money. - Thomas Jefferson
Tears of joy are like the summer rain drops pierced by sunbeams. - Hosea Ballou
In oneself lies the whole world and if you know how to look and learn, the door is there and the key is in your hand. Nobody on earth can give you either the key or the door to open, except yourself. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom. - Friedrich Schiller
As people are walking all the time, in the same spot, a path appears. - John Locke
Everyone here has the sense that right now is one of those moments when we are influencing the future. - Steve Jobs
I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes. - e. e. cummings
A human being has so many skins inside, covering the depths of the heart. We know so many things, but we don't know ourselves! Why, thirty or forty skins or hides, as thick and hard as an ox's or bear's, cover the soul. Go into your own ground and learn to know yourself there. - Meister Eckhart
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders. - Lao Tzu
We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish. - Tony Robbins
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination. - Earl Nightingale
One today is worth two tomorrows. - Benjamin Franklin
There is a loftier ambition than merely to stand high in the world. It is to stoop down and lift mankind a little higher. - Henry Van Dyke
I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don't intend to waste any of mine. - Neil Armstrong
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away. - Henry David Thoreau
Only those who have learned the power of sincere and selfless contribution experience life's deepest joy: true fulfillment. - Tony Robbins
Wonder rather than doubt is the root of all knowledge. - Abraham Joshua Heschel
What we need is more people who specialize in the impossible. - Theodore Roethke
We have it in our power to begin the world over again. - Thomas Paine
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality. - Plutarch
Of all things visible, the highest is the heaven of the fixed stars. - Nicolaus Copernicus
When deeds speak, words are nothing. - Pierre-Joseph Proudhon
When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go. - Carol Burnett
Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit. - e. e. cummings