In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can. - Nikos Kazantzakis
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. - Sam Levenson
It always seems impossible until its done. - Nelson Mandela
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best. - St. Jerome
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. - Og Mandino
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us. - A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it. - Charles R. Swindoll
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. - Og Mandino
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. - Arthur Ashe
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground. - Theodore Roosevelt
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. - Confucius
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. - Ayn Rand
If you can dream it, you can do it. - Walt Disney
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy. - Norman Vincent Peale
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows. - Ralph Marston
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. - Mark Twain
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. - George S. Patton
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts. - Eleanor Roosevelt
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self. - Aldous Huxley
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth. - Bradley Whitford
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water. - Rabindranath Tagore
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. - Thomas A. Edison
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines. - Robert H. Schuller
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence. - Confucius
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Walt Disney
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better. - Samuel Beckett
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. - Lao Tzu
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. - Helen Keller
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star. - W. Clement Stone
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. - Thomas Jefferson
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want. - Muhammad Ali
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible. - Dalai Lama
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God. - Leo Buscaglia
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. - Tony Robbins
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed. - Robert H. Schuller
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. - Harriet Beecher Stowe
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand. - Woodrow Wilson
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward. - Victor Kiam
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. - Benjamin Franklin
Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along. - George Herbert
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds. - Gordon B. Hinckley
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Never, never, never give up. - Winston Churchill
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one. - Wayne Dyer
Things do not happen. Things are made to happen. - John F. Kennedy
Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious. - Stephen Hawking
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it. - Albert Schweitzer
You simply have to put one foot in front of the other and keep going. Put blinders on and plow right ahead. - George Lucas
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there. - Bo Jackson
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Arriving at one goal is the starting point to another. - John Dewey
We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. It's never your fault. But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change. - Katharine Hepburn
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph. - Thomas Paine
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor. - Elon Musk
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated. - Maya Angelou
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. - Zig Ziglar
A goal is a dream with a deadline. - Napoleon Hill
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today. - H. G. Wells
Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again. - Og Mandino
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself. - Mark Caine
You can never quit. Winners never quit, and quitters never win. - Ted Turner
Pursue one great decisive aim with force and determination. - Carl von Clausewitz
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living. - Nelson Mandela
Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do. - Pope John XXIII
Quality is not an act, it is a habit. - Aristotle
Either you run the day or the day runs you. - Jim Rohn
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. - Henry Ford
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th. - Julie Andrews
Well done is better than well said. - Benjamin Franklin
Know or listen to those who know. - Baltasar Gracian
You will never win if you never begin. - Helen Rowland
A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week. - George S. Patton
If you're going through hell, keep going. - Winston Churchill
There is always room at the top. - Daniel Webster
Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love. - Don Miguel Ruiz
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best. - Epictetus
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large. - Confucius
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it. - Oprah Winfrey
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be. - Ken Venturi
When one must, one can. - Charlotte Whitton
You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals. - George S. Patton
One finds limits by pushing them. - Herbert Simon
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay. - Simone de Beauvoir
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins. - Jim Rohn
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door. - Kyle Chandler
Do whatever you do intensely. - Robert Henri
Who seeks shall find. - Sophocles
Where there is a will, there is a way. If there is a chance in a million that you can do something, anything, to keep what you want from ending, do it. Pry the door open or, if need be, wedge your foot in that door and keep it open. - Pauline Kael
No matter how many goals you have achieved, you must set your sights on a higher one. - Jessica Savitch
Leap, and the net will appear. - John Burroughs
You must take action now that will move you towards your goals. Develop a sense of urgency in your life. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now. - Denis Waitley
The turning point was when I hit my 30th birthday. I thought, if really want to write, it's time to start. I picked up the book How to Write a Novel in 90 Days. The author said to just write three pages a day, and I figured, I can do this. I never got past Page 3 of that book. - James Rollins
Always desire to learn something useful. - Sophocles
Your heaviest artillery will be your will to live. Keep that big gun going. - Norman Cousins
The most effective way to do it, is to do it. - Amelia Earhart
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. - William James
You just can't beat the person who never gives up. - Babe Ruth
The hardships that I encountered in the past will help me succeed in the future. - Philip Emeagwali
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree. - Jim Rohn
Either I will find a way, or I will make one. - Philip Sidney
After a storm comes a calm. - Matthew Henry
If you think you can do it, you can. - John Burroughs
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. - Les Brown
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club. - Jack London
Press forward. Do not stop, do not linger in your journey, but strive for the mark set before you. - George Whitefield
March on. Do not tarry. To go forward is to move toward perfection. March on, and fear not the thorns, or the sharp stones on life's path. - Khalil Gibran
I really believe that everyone has a talent, ability, or skill that he can mine to support himself and to succeed in life. - Dean Koontz
If you ask me what I came into this life to do, I will tell you: I came to live out loud. - Emile Zola
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing. - Thomas Jefferson
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy. - Dale Carnegie
Whatever you want in life, other people are going to want it too. Believe in yourself enough to accept the idea that you have an equal right to it. - Diane Sawyer
From my tribe I take nothing, I am the maker of my own fortune. - Tecumseh
Get action. Seize the moment. Man was never intended to become an oyster. - Theodore Roosevelt
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Either move or be moved. - Ezra Pound
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success. - John D. Rockefeller
The will to succeed is important, but what's more important is the will to prepare. - Bobby Knight
Don't give up. Don't lose hope. Don't sell out. - Christopher Reeve
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine. - Flip Wilson
You have to make it happen. - Denis Diderot
I've always tried to go a step past wherever people expected me to end up. - Beverly Sills
There is progress whether ye are going forward or backward! The thing is to move! - Edgar Cayce
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. - Wayne Dyer
God always strives together with those who strive. - Aeschylus
They can conquer who believe they can. - Virgil
Never give in and never give up. - Hubert H. Humphrey
I know not age, nor weariness nor defeat. - Rose Kennedy
You create your opportunities by asking for them. - Shakti Gawain
If you don't ask, you don't get. - Stevie Wonder
I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often. - Brian Tracy
I've worked too hard and too long to let anything stand in the way of my goals. I will not let my teammates down and I will not let myself down. - Mia Hamm
Many are called but few get up. - Oliver Herford
Don't think, just do. - Horace
We make the world we live in and shape our own environment. - Orison Swett Marden
He conquers who endures. - Persius
Be gentle to all and stern with yourself. - Saint Teresa of Avila
Follow your dreams, work hard, practice and persevere. Make sure you eat a variety of foods, get plenty of exercise and maintain a healthy lifestyle. - Sasha Cohen
A will finds a way. - Orison Swett Marden
It's always too early to quit. - Norman Vincent Peale
The dog that trots about finds a bone. - Golda Meir
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than You, and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world. - Judy Collins
What is called genius is the abundance of life and health. - Henry David Thoreau
You never know what motivates you. - Cicely Tyson
The more things you do, the more you can do. - Lucille Ball
One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals. - Michael Korda
There is nothing deep down inside us except what we have put there ourselves. - Richard Rorty
Hitch your wagon to a star. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
To know oneself, one should assert oneself. - Albert Camus
It is very important to know who you are. To make decisions. To show who you are. - Malala Yousafzai
I am not a has-been. I am a will be. - Lauren Bacall
If you've got a talent, protect it. - Jim Carrey
To be a good loser is to learn how to win. - Carl Sandburg
Always continue the climb. It is possible for you to do whatever you choose, if you first get to know who you are and are willing to work with a power that is greater than ourselves to do it. - Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned. - Peter Marshall
Set your sights high, the higher the better. Expect the most wonderful things to happen, not in the future but right now. Realize that nothing is too good. Allow absolutely nothing to hamper you or hold you up in any way. - Eileen Caddy
Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose? - Eliza Dushku
True happiness involves the full use of one's power and talents. - John W. Gardner
We aim above the mark to hit the mark. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Only the educated are free. - Epictetus
In motivating people, you've got to engage their minds and their hearts. I motivate people, I hope, by example - and perhaps by excitement, by having productive ideas to make others feel involved. - Rupert Murdoch
Wherever you are - be all there. - Jim Elliot
Begin to be now what you will be hereafter. - William James
Deserve your dream. - Octavio Paz
The weeds keep multiplying in our garden, which is our mind ruled by fear. Rip them out and call them by name. - Sylvia Browne
I am not afraid... I was born to do this. - Joan of Arc
Never retreat. Never explain. Get it done and let them howl. - Benjamin Jowett
The first question which the priest and the Levite asked was: 'If I stop to help this man, what will happen to me?' But... the good Samaritan reversed the question: 'If I do not stop to help this man, what will happen to him?' - Martin Luther King, Jr.
To be wholly devoted to some intellectual exercise is to have succeeded in life. - Robert Louis Stevenson
To begin, begin. - William Wordsworth
Set yourself earnestly to see what you are made to do, and then set yourself earnestly to do it. - Phillips Brooks
Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail. - John Donne
How do you know you're going to do something, untill you do it? - J. D. Salinger
One may miss the mark by aiming too high as too low. - Thomas Fuller
Crave for a thing, you will get it. Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself. - Swami Sivananda
The ultimate aim of the ego is not to see something, but to be something. - Muhammad Iqbal
I was motivated to be different in part because I was different. - Donna Brazile
I come to win. - Leo Durocher
Do not weep; do not wax indignant. Understand. - Baruch Spinoza
The wise does at once what the fool does at last. - Baltasar Gracian
Typically, if you reward something, you get more of it. You punish something, you get less of it. And our businesses have been built for the last 150 years very much on that kind of motivational scheme. - Daniel H. Pink
Success is the only motivational factor that a boy with character needs. - Woody Hayes
We need to accept that the commandments of God aren't just a long list of good ideas. They aren't 'life hacks' from an Internet blog or motivational quotes from a Pinterest board. - Dieter F. Uchtdorf
Religious speech is extreme, emotional, and motivational. It is anti-literal, relying on metaphor, allusion, and other rhetorical devices, and it assumes knowledge within a community of believers. - Amy Waldman
Giving back, doing motivational speeches and stuff like that, that's always made me feel good. If you repeatedly go out there, and you are the change that you want to see, then that's what you are. - Keke Palmer